README.markdown, before:

License
=======

Everything outside of the "Libraries" folder is MIT licensed, with one stipulation; you cannot use WVU's trademarks.

As a convenience, here is a copy of [WVU's official logo sheet](http://tls.wvu.edu/r/download/23909).

For items inside the "Libraries" folder, please check License.txt or the appropriate file header. They are all permissive open source licenses, though a few require attribution.

Requests
========

If you use my code to make an app, I would appreciate an email, tweet, or message on GitHub, but it is certainly not required.

Before You Build
================

If you try to build after downloading, you will receive an error

> PrivateKey.plist: No such file or directory

iWVU uses a private key when connecting to WVU's directory server. If you want the app to build, you can use a [dummy PrivateKey.plist file](http://JaredCrawford.org/Files/PrivateKey.plist). If you would like to add directory support to your application, an iOS compatible LDAP client was created by fellow WVU student Ricky Hussmann for use in early versions of iWVU. This project, [RHLDAPSearch](http://github.com/rhussmann/RHLDAPSearch) is also open source on GitHub.

Beta Update Framework
=====================
iWVU uses the Hockey framework to enable over the air ad hoc distribution of beta version of iWVU on iOS 4.0+. This feature can be disabled by setting the following symbolic constant in iWVUAppDelegate.h

> \#define BETA\_UPDATE\_FRAMEWORK\_ENABLED 0

If you are looking to implement your own OTA Ad Hoc distribution, I suggest you look at [Test Flight](http://www.testflightapp.com).

Project Status
==============

[Available on the App Store](http://iTunes.com/apps/iWVU)

Slowed Development. iWVU was last updated for iOS 4.0 and several bugs have appeared since that time. I will no longer be a student at West Virginia University, and will have limited time to contribute to this project. If you are interested in contributing or taking over lead development, please contact me.


Other Universities Using iWVU
=============================

> * [St. Louis University](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/saint-louis-university/id377399047?mt=8)
> * Marquette University
> * *More Coming Soon...*

Universities Using Portions of iWVU
=============================
> * [University of Central Lancashire](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/uclan/id325930048?mt=8)
  * Calendar
  * Icon movement on main screen
  * Improved reachability
> * [New York University's Unofficial App](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/nyumobile/id423799237?mt=8) 
  * [RHLDAPSearch](https://github.com/rhussmann/RHLDAPSearch)

Other Projects Using iWVU
=========================

> * [CelebriTweet](http://iTunes.com/apps/CelebriTweet) by John Cotant
> * [News Jam](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/news-jam/id353897391?mt=8) by John Cotant

Commit message:

Updated Readme to reflect current project status.

README.markdown, after:

License
=======

Everything outside of the "Libraries" folder is MIT licensed, with one stipulation; you cannot use WVU's trademarks.

As a convenience, here is a copy of [WVU's official logo sheet](http://tls.wvu.edu/r/download/23909).

For items inside the "Libraries" folder, please check License.txt or the appropriate file header. They are all permissive open source licenses, though a few require attribution.

Requests
========

If you use my code to make an app, I would appreciate an email, tweet, or message on GitHub, but it is certainly not required.

How to Build
================

1. Clone, Fork, or Download the repository.
1. iWVU uses a private key when connecting to WVU's directory server. If you want the app to build, you can use a [dummy PrivateKey.plist file](http://JaredCrawford.org/Files/PrivateKey.plist). If you would like to add directory support to your application, an iOS compatible LDAP client was created by fellow WVU student Ricky Hussmann for use in early versions of iWVU. This project, [RHLDAPSearch](http://github.com/rhussmann/RHLDAPSearch) is also open source on GitHub.
1. Build away.

Project Status
==============

[Available on the App Store](http://iTunes.com/apps/iWVU)

This app is currently receiving maintenance updates only. I am a law school student and I haven't had time to commit to this app recentry. Because some of the code in this app represents my first foray into Objective-C, I have planned a complete rewrite of the app the next free chance I get.

If you are interested in contributing or taking over lead development, please contact me.

Other Major Universities Using iWVU
=============================

> * [St. Louis University](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/saint-louis-university/id377399047?mt=8)
> * Marquette University

Other Apps Using Portions of iWVU
=============================
> * [University of Central Lancashire](http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/uclan/id325930048?mt=8)
  * Calendar
  * Icon movement on main screen
  * Improved reachability
> * An unofficial app for New York University students (no longer available in the app store).
> * Several other apps which have requested to not be identified or have not contacted me.
